here's all the things that people the
past wants you talking about his
group
because you will be a group of people
serious professional series demonstrated
great sense of belonging that
accept the choices you make
ready and fight to the last for
honor the mesh this cloth there are
I believe that it is large
merit of the company
first there is also the great credit to you
your feeling you have to be a leader
that from the example in this sense but me
I think that
coach anyway
if he wants respect he must give the
respect if you want a sense of belonging
must make sense of
belonging to you you are divided or luca
pervaded was life
I had to come as a captain and you were
for example then
if one wants to trace a road wants
let the first follow along this
the road must be who traces it
otherwise one preaches well then yes
razzola bad no I think from this point
of view as a commissioner
for the things you 're giving so much I have it
said luca luca was my captain
leader discussed and learned from him
very much in the management and in the
capital as you always see for
tomorrow night
then nothing to have this of this is
this but it was thought that it raised and
stories he ever wanted
in short, always on one side because then
tommasi points the ball and so paolo
tico tico tico however the truth and then
something that I think only I that
juventus acted in the center got up
luca was recognized leader had
great merits here then I will
I want to ask to see it since in the
your head him